hey guys Lizzie here and we're back
bringing you some of the top youtubers
with another my first upload we've got
an awesome lady today it's Justine
ezarik aka ijustine ijustine is hugely
popular with over 3 million subscribers
across her channels from tech shows to
blogs by partnering with horizon were
able to explore the choices these
creators have made including their
technology choices that have helped them
get from their first videos all the way
up to where they are today hey YouTube
nation I'm Justine and my youtube
channel is iJustine and guess what I
make youtube videos I started my channel
around 2006 and I found YouTube
basically because I was creating video
content and I was uploading videos
anywhere that I could upload videos and
when I found YouTube I was like this is
pretty sweet when I was making my first
videos I mean I really didn't know what
I was doing I still kind of to this day
don't exactly think I know what I'm
doing which i think is kind of the
appeal of a lot of my content it's just
fun it's crazy it's whatever I kind of
feel like doing at that moment this is
one of my first videos that I ever
uploaded it's my best friend Desiree
throwing an apple at my head and I
actually used to work at a
chiropractor's office doing video
editing in production so this was my
downtime
oh here she goes
des winding up technology has changed so
much I mean even filming this Apple
video I don't actually remember what
camera I was using but obviously you can
tell it's not sixteen by nine so it
doesn't actually fill up the whole
YouTube screen I remember the day when
they switch from the four by three ratio
everyone on YouTube lost their minds
right now I'm still making YouTube
videos which has always been so much fun
and I'm also working on a book which is
really exciting because I never actually
thought that I'd write a book I always
joked about it and now it's actually
coming true so I'm really excited about
it
obviously this being one of my first
videos of how to make a lot of choices
along the way in my youtube career and
basically how I go about it is if it's
something that I like I know there's
somebody else out there that will
hopefully enjoy it I love technology I
love video games I love just being fun
and crazy so hopefully everybody else
enjoys that kind of stuff too thanks
Justine I'm so glad you moved on you're
no longer getting fruit thrown at your
head and thanks so much to Verizon for
making this possible if you have a
youtuber you want us to have a good
old-fashioned gab session with drop us a
link in the comments with the hashtag my
first upload we have more episodes
coming out twice a week so keep coming
back for all the fun stuff
okay oh really bad